I've resolved to post this video
on the internet because of the difficulty I had
to find information about the
pool master wii in forte and fun
forró fest 7% this video because not
I got an information site on
this vaccine is not her mother's six
meters and 10 by 3 47 perfect
in the assembly we had difficulty
to stretch canvas on top of my ex
this was the greatest perfect difficulty
Now I'll show you some of the
advantages and disadvantages of the pool
same
[Music]
so how can you perceive the
pool it represents exactly the
size that is described on the packaging
She is six meters and 10 by three and 47
ask you here three meters and 40
wide and one meter and twenty-two
depth
she is pretty firm practically 10 hours in
It's been a long time .
The boring part is getting water
Clean we needed about three days.
to leave clean water between
filtration and products to appear water
we used a pool of that of 21 thousand
liter and a half kilogram of barrel is a
whitening product 200 ml each
company is also very good company.
now
children have a
[Applause]
[Music]
I hope one day I hope to have helped with
this video where I had difficulty in
find pool and really space
she needs is six and a half meters
four meters wide